language support documentation (#384)
etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows: login-workflow/docs-new/language-support.md

-   Spanish
-   Simplified Chinese

> ## Add/Override translations with our workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add/Override translations within our workflow
```

> To add i18n in your application you can follow the instructions from [official website](https://react.i18next.com/getting-started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add i18n to your application you can follow the instructions from the official [i18next docs](https://react.i18next.com/getting-started).
```

> If you want to add/override your custom screens translations in our `Auth Workflow` you need to pass your app's `i18n instance` to `AuthContextProvider` via prop name `i18n`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to add/override your custom screens translations in our `Auth Workflow` you need to pass your app's `i18n instance` to the `AuthContextProvider` via the `i18n` prop.
```

```tsx

> import { i18nAppInstance } from './i18nAppInstance';

Reviewer: Should we have a small example of what this i18nAppInstance would look like? Or is it thoroughly documented in the i18n docs so we don't need an example here?

Reviewer: Seems thoroughly documented through the reference link you provide so this isn't necessary

-   Spanish
-   Simplified Chinese

## Add/Override translations within our workflow

To add i18n in your application you can follow the instructions from [official website](https://react.i18next.com/getting-started).
You need to wrap your app with <I18nextProvider/> for rendering translations in the app. For reference, you can check [I18nextProvider](https://react.i18next.com/latest/i18nextprovider).

> If you want to add/override your custom screens translations in our `Auth Workflow` you need to pass your app's i18n instance to the `AuthContextProvider` via the `i18n` prop.

Reviewer 2: Should the doc reference anything from both RegistrationContextProvider & AuthContextProvider dictionaries or shared dictionaries? How to actually add additional languages via the 2 providers. Just asking because its not clear how an end user would actually add more languages. Or will this be covered somewhere else...

Author: Here we have mentioned we are supporting only 5 languages https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-workflows/blob/89180d38b6c35e970878bc725f1eaea64dce5fd7/login-workflow/docs-new/language-support.md?plain=1#L3. I believe if the user passes any different language `app language` will change but our workflows translations will break.

Reviewer 3: We need to be able to support users adding additional dictionaries/languages for the internal dictionaries

Author: Done. please review.

> If you want to add/override your custom screens translations in our `Auth Workflow` you need to pass your app's i18n instance to the `AuthContextProvider` via the `i18n` prop.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you want to use keys from your application dictionary in any of the workflow screens or any custom screens that you provide within the Auth or Login workflows, you need to pass your app's i18n instance to the `AuthContextProvider`/`RegistrationContextProvider` via the `i18n` prop.
```
